I'm making you do all these connectors. You want to have a UI with? I hold the inventory out of the ESM.  On top of that inventory, it should be all visuals. On top of that inventory, I should see a layer four. Oh, yeah, 4 alarms. layer 4 loop data, I can double one of these layers, right?  You have to have the data first. That's why I'm making you do that. Okay.  I'm honest. Now, when it comes to that UI visual, we can either integrate it with gliding flow or we can get a custom component that it comes up with that, you know, airline flow and stuff. We can decide.  But at the end of the day, I should, when I provide the gene or BID, I should see all the aspects of that, you know, behind me, without me having to, swive and it's different sources and whatever, right? And the user can just populate on off whatever they want to see at the moment. Okay, and.  Yes, yes, I got the idea. And we have to build this like the UI component as well in the line flow, right? Or, how, how, I'm, I'm openly can try at the point.  I did that UI components in length flow before. You can do HDML and JavaScript. If that's easier, we can do it.  If it's not coming as we like. Okay, then we would just do a page outside, typescript or something. Okay.  Okay. Okay. Yeah, okay.  Sounds good. Let's catch next week then when we are both back. on this to get it done, okay? Yeah, sounds good.  Till then, I think I'll be having all the components ready. So I just have to get some more clarity on the last one. The ASM one.  Uh, it, it, it, it, it, it was good, and so he gave like, so the component that we built was specifically to the 5G, and the, uh, like the V saw, uh, 5G career level, uh, But he wants to have some more flexibility so we can like have toggle it for 4G and not just to a specific. So that's all changes. He asked me to do and then I'm just making that.  Keep the same component just add like a toggle. Yes. Nice.  It's not just 4 G 5 G. You might have it as in our, uh, 5 G and R, 5 G, right? Yes, yes. Yeah.  So he also shared me like the Excel that has all these like, uh, uh, about all uh, components we might have. So I'll be including that in the code and see if we can have this toggle. Either we can have the toggle or any, or we can just hit the base URL and fetch all the, uh, components.  Yeah, I also have the toddle in the yard. So use a can. Yeah.  Switch. Yeah, okay. Okay, cool.  Okay, man. Yeah. Thank you. 
