Yeah. Um, so the CTX market, we are getting, so the data for uh, vertical vertical reports is not, um, consistent across markets. So today I want to actually do some analysis on it.  So, I was wondering, like, every, um, Like, vertical, see, for example, you are saving the, um, the final CNS report, right? So I, is it possible to save the, the original CNS report? And each vertical market, whatever vertical market reports that we actually have.  Yeah, I mean, we can do that. Yeah. Yeah, because then it will become easy for me to go and um, verify.  And, um, and the best way for this is, um, Just because, you know, if I'm running, um, I'll be running it across almost all the markets today just to verify what's, you know, what is it, that because I want to tell those guys. I told those guys almost like a month ago and they said, yeah, yeah, everything will be fixed. But they are not fixed.  And if it's not fixed, then the CNS will not work, whatever the other teams are, you know, planning, right? Okay. There are multiple teams in world.  So, the best way to organize is whenever I run something, right? It will, in the output folder or something, just create a folder. Yeah.  It would put all the vertical and um, so rather than creating a file, it'll just create a folder and in that, it'll just create all these, um, like, you know, all of all the files, you know, the original CNS file, the vertical reports, and the and the finished one. Right. Right?  In that way, it will be easier. And uh, and also I think there was one thing, maybe it was just my working or not, but um, When I download the file, like, for example, in the bottom, you actually have download the file, right? Yeah.  The thing is done. When I download, I think it just, I lose the, the previous screen. But so what happens is like, you know, see, one I once I have already finished, like maybe this can be a separate one. don't know.  Like once I have already finished it. Yeah. And if I want to go back and look at the map, uh, at the at the chart, I cannot look at it.  The chart is gone. Okay. Is it possible to keep that, like, you know, go back and rather than again redoing?  it doesn't take much time. But why run? Yeah, I go to these.  So maybe the data should be saved in some kind of like in maybe or something. I need to check into that. Is there some simple way to store the data?  Yeah, we can do it. So let me let me take a look, yeah. Yeah, yeah. let me do this.  Let me, um, no, if you, if you go back to that structure, right? I just want to make sure. Well, I think I have it here.  Let me look at the. Stream it. Okay, I think, I think it's still working.  Yeah, yeah, let me let me share my screen. Okay. I just want no couple different things before.  You can see my screen, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, okay.  Yeah, it just creates us like a small thing on top. And when you come from WebEx, it doesn't. So this is the one, isn't it?  Yeah. So if I actually do, I'll just do it for like one day or something. don't know. It doesn't, it runs very fast.  Yeah. So I do this. it goes, it does it. I change the query.  I just added those 2 things. oh. What the hell? CTX so is having a problem?  Because yesterday I was having this problem for other um, Okay. Should I test it? from my?  No, it was working fine. I changed it, and then categorization faded, like, uh, let me let me redo it. Maybe it's the cash.  Maybe just adding a pure cash or something, it is a streamlet, a clear cash or something, right? Is it, uh, uh, cash clear or something? It could be.  Yeah, I think that was direct me, internet, again. So, yeah, if I run this again, Those things don't worry about it. I mean, even I can probably do it.  Ah. What I do? So, for me, it is working.  No, it worked for me also. I just, I thought this was not working later and I... Okay.  Me doing, I can, I can put it back. I think it probably is. This is the this is the original thing I did yesterday.  There's nothing wrong in it, right? Oh, does it, does it tell you where it failed? Like, you know, which line it failed?  If you go to the console. Mm. If you were just to copy with this, uh, this error is to...  See, failed customers? Oh, fail to establish no connection. What is that?  I must be doing something. Okay, let me do this. I can do this.  I could even do this. Okay. This should definitely work.  Because this is how it is, you send it. Yeah, the latest. What happened?  No, keep this. For CTX? Okay, something is wrong.  I don't know, man, what I did, but uh, It's working for you, right? Yeah, yeah. I'll, I'll maybe re-share the code because I also made changes to save it and added the Show me your squid.  Show me your, I think. Okay. I just wanted to run one thing and then No, I think we should work.  I mean, mine also probably made some changes to Few things. Can you see my screen? Oh, when I try, is it your?  Mm, not yet. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I think I'm on the wrong one.  Sorry, sorry, sorry. Sorry. Too many calls, man.  I'm sorry. There are, there are very, it's this damn. Um Okay, I'm good.  Yes, I got see. Yeah. Yeah, if you come down, if you come down and do, um, download that, yeah, download that thing, just hit it, download somewhere, whatever.  That's it, right? It comes back. Oh.  Okay. It is gone. Okay.  Right, just that, that's the only thing. And the other one, If you go back, take, take 30 days, for example. Right?  I mean, longer one will give us, it should it should normalize things. So what I'm seeing is, I'm not getting much. I'm getting the 3 types of, um, this is, this could be LLM thing, which I basically, uh, tuned initially I got, uh, let, I'll explain to you.  It is not giving Enough, um, like it's not putting the, the, some of the KPIs into the right bucket or the bucket. it actually is saying it should. And that's the reason why I want some of the, well, we can actually, oh, we should have taken 10 days. or one week. 30 days was a mess. Did you make changes to the KPI?  So to the query on your side? Yeah. No, I did.  And that's another one I want to see. There's some, there's some unnecessary files, I want you to clean them up, for example. Um, We just need these, right?  Categorize, chart and ingest. You don't need CNS, VRPT analysis, and those guys, you don't need to. These were the old ones, but yeah.  But can you just remove them? Because, yeah, so I can remove I already had that in Oh, archived is also remote, but yeah, I archived it, but yeah. I'll remove it.  Yeah, just a little bit clean. Yeah, um, so. Hmm.  It's been configured. Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, here.  Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.  Um, yeah, um, so we got, see, um, Okay, if you go to, um, uh, through, yeah, getting the, if you go to the, go, go, it'll, if you can go to the, um, the KPA categories. See in the integrity, if you open up integrity, it actually shows you. It serves you, the PDC, you know, PDC, CH, you tool percentage and all that stuff, right?  Yeah. No, you can just, if you go back to, if you open the, um, the CSV file, the final CSV file, We should have time as well. Yeah, today is 11th, right?  Yeah, but actually, this is for 10 days, right? So it's this 30 days. So it's this one.  Oh, there it is. That the one, that's the one. Yeah, yeah.  Oh, okay. And if you go in my laptop, so. That's okay.  You can actually go to the right. Uh, it might be a little easier to see these things in Um, Can you not open it in Excel? I don't have it in my laptop.  Oh, you don't have Excel? Um, maybe you can bring it to your, um, to the drive. Yeah.  Yeah, put it anywhere, it doesn't matter. Yeah, I can put there. Yeah.  The reason is the vertical report, it does, they don't keep it after 30 days. Okay. So if that, the one of the reasons to save it is if we save it, then at least I'll have a copy of the historical data, you know, for some time.  If I want to do some re-analysis. Right. All my data from early, early, February and all is last.  Yeah, so now, if you go to the right, the categorization is not right here, that's what I actually see. And if you see the affected KPIs, If you just filter on the Z, It may have to filter the whole thing to enable the filter. Yeah.  What do you have? Yeah, left left, one left. Yep.  Wow. You can wait. Now you can actually come down and see there'll be P, C, C, C, there'll be a bunch called Ghost of P, J, F. See that?  PDs, H, PDCH on top. On top of, you can take the top. So, there will be some verically, it has PDCCH, and only PDCH.  Okay, you can just type PDCs either. You can type PDCC at somewhere, and then it'll just give you only those kind. No, it's not giving you.  There will be some which actually will have only PDCCH. So, um, but even that, I think it's not putting it in the, um, in the bucket. looks to me, like, you know, but this is like an LLM thing. Maybe we have to give a proper, a little bit, like, you know, maybe we made it too started on what I did, but is there a very, where do you play with it?  If I want to go and just say, So it's in this categorization only, right? Mm-hmm. Prompt will easier, prompt in the prompt delay.  Hmm. I think we need to give like a defined prompt. Yeah.  Yeah. I don't think we are giving it. Yeah, I think it, I think, uh, yeah, maybe, maybe, maybe that's the reason.  I think I had it in my in my original ones. It's just this small prompt here. Oh, categorize these silicon KPIs into, yeah, into, maybe, maybe that's the reason why somehow it's not.  Uh, well, it seems, um... Yeah, exactly one off. I'm enjoying priority, um, Category priority, right?  Category priority is, though, are those 4 things? Can you show me what is it in category priority? On top, like you have that, right?  Yep. No, it might, okay. No.  No, I think it's the input. I mean, you have it on top, like priority equal to category priority. You have an opportunity, yeah, that one.  That is, I think, a config or something, right?. This. So we have it here.  Yeah. Mm, mmm. Maybe we had to create that talking.  Ill play with that prompt. I'll say like an SP or whatever, you know, just, uh, look into these KPIs and attack because it, when you look at the output, it tells you where it is. But when I'm forcing it to just pick one, I think it's probably picking the one that actually is the KPI.  It thinks he's more important than the other. So how do we want it to keep it? I don't know.  I don't even know what it is, but I may have do some little bit of research on this, right? Because, um, see, for example, if it is just one, um, like, you know, like just, just some, like, the same KPIs in the, uh, uh, in the, in that Z column, then, Then it'll be easy, but if it actually has, for example, the 2nd uh, row 16, it actually has sipped S, uh, SC drop percentage, and then you have PDCCH, utility 3 underscore 3, and you have all that, right? Yeah.  So when there's something else is there, I think it's dropping into the other bucket, into the reliability bucket rather than into the integrity bucket or whatever that other buckets are. So I'll define it. I'll define, well, the weightage of these things or something, sweet, like, you will put it in the right category.  But again, it doesn't probably, this time, this is not a migrate importance, because ultimately they all get rolled into like performance or something. So we will not tell what category it is, but at least for my own thing. I was just wondering why earlier I used to get all the categories.  One, less, one, one more, but now I only, like, that integrity or something else is not from. A couple of them are not coming. Okay, it could be because of change of data also, you never know.  Yeah. Because they also, you know, changes in the way people report also changes. Um, Okay.  And then the other one is like severity also, you have 012234 now, we have 23. I actually, add more if I need to. But yeah, just save the vertical reports.  Yeah, it's already doing it. I changed it. Oh, you changed it?  Oh, okay. So you see, now it's saving it. But what can you put is on top?  Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. So I changed the code.  I also added the query. I just need to fix that this thing. But when we download it, the report should not go away.  Okay, okay. Do that and send it to me. Yeah.  And then, and then, you know, I think it might be a good idea to actually have these in, um, uh, these components in lang flow. Yeah. Just kidding.  Right, downloading, comparing, now, they might actually, yeah, once you have something, if somebody wants to make any changes to it, because these are pretty common things that they meant, that people will be doing. Then, uh, they can update it. You can just create a workflow in Langflow and then, then it's made, most of the, I think your job from this perspective is mostly done.  It's like from my perspective. So I was also looking into this thing that we talked about, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Uh, basically how we can uh, validate these numbers. So maybe, yeah, what, like the copilot is suggesting maybe we can have one more tab here that could show like validation or something. Yeah.  Yeah, but that that's again like another thing. So if the user wants to see the validation, then there would be like a button or something. The user will not see the validation.  It is for us. Okay. To make, it is for us.  I mean, no 3rd party because they are going to take my word for, you know, for it. But then I have to be truthful, right? As honest as possible.  So I want to make sure that we are, um, like we are merging those 2 things in the final. That's the reason why I started merging those things into one file. But if there is some easier, like, because now I don't have the vertical this thing next to each other, right?  Or it's difficult to, it's difficult to do it. I mean, it is a lot of data. It's difficult to do it.  I can prove it by taking one day's data, 2 days data, and try and do it because there might be much fewer. Right. But somehow, if we can prove, I could keep an eye, just do some testing.  Exactly how I do it, I don't know. Um, like how to prove that I am using the same inode, be here and the same, you know, be there and I'm doing it, right? That's the major thing.  Okay. Uh, there's some way of doing it. Just, if AI helps you some way of validating it, try those 2 or 3 things, you know, we may keep one.  If there has been like 3 different things or, you know, just keep all three. It'll give me some idea of how to do it. Yeah.  But yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like you will have like a button. If you click on that, then the validation script will learn or run and you'll get the results.  So it will not run on when you click this run analysis because it will take some time, extra time to run the entire analysis. So just to say. Yeah, that's fine.  That fine. also a good idea. Yeah. And I just didn't want this page to go away.  So, um, Like, you know, if I go and pick a different region, the page will go away, right? Whatever, whatever I have done, I don't know how to save it. Like, if it has, um...  No, so basically we can uh, like, may, may, make it access the current or the latest vertical reports that we generate for, like, that particular region. We can keep on saving that. But, uh, if you change the region, then it will automatically like load, uh, the latest, uh, vertical report that was run for that particular region. can do that.  But, uh, yeah. If you want to run, then you can just click on the run analysis. But this analysis dashboard, right?  Like you, if you go back to announcer's dashboard, Wow. And so this thing will be lost, right? Once I come out of this one.  How is this, how is this analysis dashboard being painted? Is it from the final CSV file? Yes.  So same as like you used to, and if I can, like, you know, if I can paint this, if I have a CSD file, like old, just load it. Like, this is the visual side of it, right? Yeah.  So maybe, maybe add something to, um, So maybe I can add a button here to upload a CSV to view like and. Yeah, view, exactly. Okay.  That and just something like to clear the cash. If you can, sometimes, you know, because you're running too many, sometimes it, there's a way just to, um, clear cash. You know, forget it.  It will get too treachery. Just add that thing and then it'll go into output file and say which one do you want to load? I can load that one, right?  Yeah. Okay. That's good enough.  Okay, sounds good. I'll make those changes. Totally.  Hey, thank you, Jayesh. appreciate it, man. Thank you, Raj. Yeah.
