I've been talking to Amar last week. And then... So yeah, 3 buckets are our favorite topic, and then basically, Um, your name came up this morning and he said, just uh, share the findings with you and then, Let's see where the conversation goes.  It's very open-ended conversation. The point is just to kind of educate or share knowledge, right? Not educate, but share knowledge.  Right. On data pull capabilities that exist out of S3, You, you're clear on the concept of XPT, manual query, web service call, and the 3rd part to this whole... So basically, that is what we are doing it right now for the N2 and for top offenders.  Yeah. Okay, cool. So let me share, I don't know who's all's gonna join.  I did invite Benji and Raj as an optional participant. If they join, they'll be, you know, it's just, but, but the idea is just to make sure that you are with knowledge. Is it, is it what you have a?  Yeah, I'll hit recording now. This meeting is being recorded and summarized. Thank you.  So, activity, one of the primary data sources for performance data, right? So how it works is a user can go, select a report manually. Right.  Uh, and then get an output. So that's like the basic building block. The next part of this is an automated, no, that is basically doing a web service call through Tennessee.  I have another session open because I was working on some examples. This morning. Um, so if, if I want to do some kind of, uh, machine to machine conversation, right?  So I can do this with us, web service call. So basically what in, in this happened, A query item to UI or web service called both goes to activities database and it retrieves all that data, computes it and gives you an output. But it basically what it means is it is a finding a whole bunch of resources for us to get an output.  Right. Any question on XTTM, any of whatever I mentioned? Yeah, so not right now, yeah, so I'm pleased.  So basically, yeah. So we're just trying to like do this here, EPA call here to face the database on like the market, like the market ID and the number of days here, right? Okay, so, yeah, so what this means, basically, why do I need to pull data, right?  So I have a set of KPIs that I want to do some mathematical expression on top and derivative information, right? That's the end goal. Right.  Always the question comes. Is there a report that is pre-computed by FPT, right? So on demand, it basically, hey, send me this data.  It machine gets busy, gets you to the output. The other one is, there are a number of reports that exist in, um, an etry bucket and I'll show you the details. Where you can, um, get that data through some kind of scripting.  Okay. We are working on a UK, support your PIG. So, uh, right now, uh, I'm working on like multiple things.  So one is with the CNS pins data and other is with the 5G top offenders data. Okay. So let's look at 5G, right?  Two. And this is like just 2 kind of, like, you know, there is a UI link, if you are interested, I'll share with you. So it's kind of like, give you a place to kind of explore, and again, all of this will be to a code.  But what I was referring to is these pre-computed reports that are hosted in XPT servers. So now when you're quiring the data, you're not, you know, the the hate rate is better. Right.  And uh, like, yeah, so that's, that's like for an enterprise data pool, it's recommended that we use S3. But does it serve your purpose? That is what we need to figure out.  Where should I spend more time? Any questions so far, Jesh, please feel free. This is only for you, exclusively.  So basically, it's the same data that we're studying in the history that we pull from the, like the URL that you just showed me. Uh, no, so that depends, right? So if you have a URL, Yeah.  At the set of KPIs with, so a URL is basically a report location in XPT. We can go look at it. Okay.  And then if you say like, okay, all you can give me like, hey, these are the 5 key things that I am using for my AI automation use case. We can go either of the 2 routes. Because the report can be 50 KPI, but you're just using 5 of them based on certain, you know, hope that... yeah.  So let me... Go over the KPI. So for one of the flow, I could top it for the share, too pretty.  Let me share my full screen, okay? Yeah, so basically for the top offenders, this is like one of the KPIs. Okay.  That, like, we are looking at. So, yeah. So basically this is what like, uh, I'm assured in the Email.  So basically we are building this URL based on the market ID and number of days. So number of days is usually hard-puted too, and if not given an input, then we are making an API call for that 5 GPT. So basically, the CRL.  So basically we have report name is just hard-coded here, number of days is again like default one and then... some user's name, right? So yeah. It's not, uh, if you copy paste this in WebEx, I can post, uh, we can, so, copy paste this, URL, that's one in copy paste that, uh, KPI name, or are we, do we have any, uh, apart from that also?  So those are 2 questions. You can, you know, one at a time, it's fine. How do I get back to the?  Okay, so I, do I need to short stop the sharing to open the Webex? No, whatever, you want to stop sharing, that's fine, and you can share back. So just, uh, yeah, there is a...  Or you can just drop it in Slack. I don't care. Yeah, no, I shared it over the chat on WebEx.  Is it? Okay. I don't see it.  It still says sending. Okay, got it. Okay.  But yeah, so let's look. And then the board carrier? On text.  I don't think we have this. We can add this very easily. Okay, uh, yeah.  Let me take a look at other floors as well to see what KPAs we are using. And we can start with one. The idea is just to kind of build, um, the workflow.  Okay. Um, yeah, like, you know, so I don't, uh, you know what? Let me, let me just give you a very, I have a KPI.  What we are looking for, does it exist in S3? And then there is a wave in the future where we want to do it right? And I can define it also, but just to kind of test the waters, right?  Right. Um, let me just show you what is possible. So as I wish, showing you, Oh.  And see context drop, I say. I don't eat it anywhere. Let's see.  I'm just looking for that KPI and I don't see it. Probably somebody built it. Okay.  Uh, UE top essay. Finding the KPI, uh, that that is all fine. I'm just looking for the key, yeah, yeah.  Interesting. I'll see it. And we are using it for the you, um, user rights.  Let me look at 5G raw bags. Give me a 2nd. A loaded XPT report.  So, this particular is use case is to like, uh, get the top offenders for, uh, the XPT 5G XPT. Oh, for that. Oh, KPI.  Airport contact drop. Are we saying? Sorry, identity.  So the KPI name that you posted me, right? Yes. I, I, I, I, I'm just looking for that user.  Sorry, let me just note everything and then we can talk. I can't think in time. Um, or do you think that, an AI?  That's not the user. MAI S A 8 7. And what market are we, let's see, support type of port level market ID.  So based on like a market. Is there a... Is this a Samsung use case or Erickson?  Uh... So... I'm not, uh...  Okay, about this. Okay, that's okay. Oh yeah, this is a Samsung.  Okay. Why do I not eat it? Tell me.  So if you look at that user ID, right, M-A-I-S is how I am reading it. Do you read it differently? Uh, No, that's correct.  Yes. Right? You got M A I S. S A A 7, yes.  MAI. When I type MAIS, I don't see the new user. Let me show you.  So I don't know how you're getting that report, right? So. Being too, air.  I'm just gonna take the screenshot. So it sounds like 5G because the KPI is F 5NT. Okay.  So I know that I'm sorry. But when I come here as a report owner, right, M-A-I-F? Okay.  I don't see that. That's interesting to me. Report name, number of tea.  So basically, this user, uh, so it's, this was like the Ashri. Uh, maybe it's it's, uh, user ID. A type of naming?  So he left... In the meat. Lift the horizon right now..  And then I'm opening a looking for that, um, API name also. Okay, got it. Thank you.  Oh, when I talked to... No, the KPS, right? For this particular analysis?  No, no, just one. Even though. Okay, so we have.  Uh-huh. So even the KPA is not there for this. API there, but I was trying to leverage if I can use the resource or use the report that the user has to tow something.  Okay. Report double, market ID, existing. So you have execute template to get this KPI out of the report that the user has made.  I'm just looking at your web service call. And then report level, you can change it to Genode BDU market. I mark, what report level can I run it on as a user?  Market, Genode BTU, carrier, or everything. market ID based on. No, no, market ID? Okay, but what about market report level?  So it's a, based on like a geno, genode B level. Do you not be, do you carrier level or is it G note B level? Just give me a minute.  Let me go. And we can switch between your your pain in my opinion, like, again, it's the idea to solve it. It's just a little high level.  So? Just trying to... The user, can I collect different report level or report level is just one that is carrier?  So I think, uh, Uh, we don't have the option to like select the level for the report. I'm just trying to find the ID. Okay, end of this loop is what?  Like the high level on, sorry, the high runner for certain KPA. So we get like uh, summary, uh, let me see if I have it in my playground. Yeah, so basically, this is like the report that we're trying to generate.  Okay, got it, it took carrier problem treatment. Thus dropping unusual user session. Okay.  Got it. On Epic. User context drop, if that makes sense.  You, uh, UE context prop. Okay. Uh, go up?  Sorry, I saw some PRB also, so I just want to make sure. No other KPI, PR utilization is applied, but the drop rate alone, signals CVI, condition and failure code. Okay.  And then you are reporting on a carrier level. Okay, that's good enough. I think that answers.  So one thing, I couldn't find that user ID to correlate to the report. The other part is while I can see the formula exists in HQ profile, and I can take the screenshot. Now, let me just, um, share, right?  So, it's useful that we share. So this is the UE context drop essay, one KPI. We are doing an app on a carrier level.  So that's good. When I look at the S3 report, um, I'm looking at some, Let me share this part. Let me check if there's like any other user in the other flows so that I can find.  Yeah, um, you mean... I think the user is same. here. Yep, I'm looking still.  I don't see the KPI on board it, but we can onboard it for you. That's not an issue. It could be pretty.  Okay. Um, Easy. So we can do this, right?  So given it's a carrier level report, the KPI doesn't exist. I can open a ticket and get that added. Okay.  Where it will be added. We just need to try the tail end of this. Today, right?  Like, let's say, let me just show you by example. So, putting is, uh, okay for you. I asked a lot something to prepare, let's see if you did.  So, I did 2 scripts quickly and I'll share how it will work. So I did 2 scripts and wear out it, taking with me, see. whole cheese. So I asked it to do 4GS3 data and 5GS3 data.  Okay, XLPTs. So, how will this look right? So, This is the report that we are interested in.  BSopped is a reporter owned, and the screen is hopefully screen is clear. We talk SA stamps, SS, Nokia, that is Samsung Nokia, 5T carrier level report. So what we established is the KPI that you have, is the Samsung KPI.  The 5G KPI. So those 2 things are known to us. Um, so what I will request, one of our develop, uh, you know, people who are owning uh, this report to add that particular API.  Also, like give me some time, so maybe I can go back with Amar and discuss what all KPIs do we need? So is it just this one or maybe we need to add some more cake? This is just a POT, right?  This is like um, We can keep adding KPIs or keep finding the GPI. Okay. But what we are establishing, can you, using um, land flow?  able to downput data to F3? Yeah, okay. Yeah, we can have a back and forth, right?  This is a pretty big topic. The whole, you having access to data in order for you to run automation is a pretty big aspect, right? So we can do that as a back and forth, but If I give you the script, that's in Python. get work, and you make this work in, um, line blow is the question, right?  Uh, uh, Yeah, so basically I can like create a component, uh, Right. Let me show you in some simpler way, things like this is not working. So this is how I typically do.  So Jarvis subscription, folder, whatever be the report name, and then wherever I want the data. This is how I do it. This is on my local machine.  Right. What won't change? The link won't change, this won't change.  The report name will change. There is a better... Let me find something.  I won't. Okay, this is the one. So 5GPT VSOP carrier level report.  The question is, Can you get to it? And download some kind of data using component on the landflow. Yeah.  I'll run this and I'll show you how it looks, right? So how this is how I run it? There is one requirement for uh, the F3 bucket, um, this link, that is, we need to use our user ID and password.  Okay. That can be served with, you can test it with your own. That is 5 +2 plus your password.  Or you have a part of um, getting the service account uh, either of the two. Right? And then if I say, okay, download the data for 131.  It will do more than the download, but it will like, so it will go. Yeah, I'll just tell you what the clothes, but this is, this will go literally and start downloading that particular report data. Um, from different date, based on this.  This is like a network anomaly, so we are downloading data for like seven, 8 days or something. Okay. So I can share a version of this.  Again, like we are making the API call here, right, to the base URL? No, no. So there's a difference, right?  We are not doing an ATI call. We are just doing reading of whatever's fitting as a pre-computed KPI in S3. Okay.  So there are 2 take, one requirement is ability to log into this UI. Yeah. Second is finding that particular pre-computed KPI on a carrier level.  And then ability to have a logic where, you know, like if I look at a report, like if I just, These are pre-computed KPS, right? And ask me any questions. These are like, it takes a little bit to kind of get used to the whole block.  So if I show you this report, it's pre-computed, but it's structured. So it's a carrier level report and when it's open, I'll show you. So it's downloading the data.  But whatever you're doing kind of like filtering, so there you go. So now we are in the report, and now every day, or every hour, as soon as the data is ready in a PT, expertise database. For that report, it will push a copy of this pre-computed um.  Report on a report level, the date, particular market. That's the logical structure, right? And for that particular, Hour.  So, let's say this is 131 that's central Texas, we are at 3 PM. Right. And it, data till 11 PM, 11, sorry, 11 AM.  11 AM yeah. And then the structure, eh? You have a CSVGZ or a JSON foil to read.  So earlier you were saying, pull me a market level data for 131 and then you are doing your intelligence on top of it. If I know where that particular KPI, what report it exists, then, Can I go read our, like previous day, all the 24 hours or whatever your logic is? Combine that data and do through your method, like, you know, mathematical expression on top of it, that, that, that's what uh, the difference is.  So just like a cool question. So, uh, you talked about like the credentials, but uh, so do I have to get access if I have to login or just like simply use the service concrete? Yeah, make it a good date.  Let's try it, right? I want to leave you with a lot of, uh, so this is, What we are establishing right now, is, do you have an access? And just to tell, can you use with your Pipelus 2 and um, uh, your, uh, Indian password.  Yeah. particularly decide to mature it. where it needs to go to the end user, and That decision has to be made. Are we using our service account? That is V soft service account or the end user has to log in every time they want the data?  Yeah, so I'm trying to see if I can login. Yeah, fine. Yeah, so I think I'm able to access it.  Yeah. So now your code logic is basically 5GPT carrier, that particular report, and then you're trying based on the scope, like, if I look a query, right, what you're saying is, Yesterday's data, ours all. So you're basically up to go on 33 and pull all the hours that are available.  Right. For any club market ID. So the older structure, yeah, you code all the time.  So you that's pretty easy for you. Um, So, I think what Amar was saying is they, he is concerned that, um, Langplow might crash. Right.  So basically, yeah. If you have like a last, I would say that, yeah. So you're just building a component, right?  So I'm just, instead of me on boating a KTI, that will take another couple of, like, you know, it might take, uh, some time, what we can do is, I can give you a KTI that exists in this report. You just try to work closely, it works or not. Yeah, that would be a good, yeah.  And if then that gets you that KTI on board it. Pick them? Yeah, sounds good.  Let me just give you that KPA also, so there's no mystery. And this is how the structure of that, if you can, like, share the Python script that you are showing to, like, access the data. So, or else, like, even I can, like, build it out myself.  No, no, no. I can have like a baseline of how you fetch the data from the S3. Yeah, my scope is very different, but yeah, I'll share.  Right? But yeah, so I think you the KPI, where the KPI is with column M. And once we say, okay, you know, you're able to make this uh component work in Lengthlo. Right.  We will get that KPI added. So, okay, scoping is clear, right? The only part is I will share, um, Um, the code.  Okay, got it. Let me, which one makes sense? And yeah, don't run this, right?  Because like this is a lot of, uh, same thing. Uh, but it's just the intention is that you can pick up whatever uh, part of the code you need in order to confirm your S3 workflow. Right.  Okay. Let me do this. So...  One second. Sorry, I'm just to... Trying to share something that's very easy.  Too much. Okay. So, even, like, like, just the connection logic is fine.  I mean, uh, the, yeah. Rest of the logic, like I can build myself. So that's fine.  Okay, got it. I'm gonna drop it here. Um, Just uh, accepted as soon as it shows up because black will, Okay.  Is it in the coming your way? Oh, flag, flag, flag, flag. Okay.  Click, click, click. yeah. Nurse, black will bandict in a packet. Or remove it.  You drop and light. Trying to download it. Yeah, that's fine.  I'll share it with blocks again. So I don't think it's allowing me to download because 12nd I'll give you one more time. Just keep an eye on it.  Yeah, I'll just copy paste on the rice. I'll give you another one. Okay.  I'm gonna share one more. Okay. And between it, I think you will have enough to Plan this.  Okay. No, so it's not allowing me to download, yeah. Wow.  Yeah, it's stuck. It's not proceeding. Not even cop letting you copy.  No, so basically, yeah. I copy I can do, but yeah, I cannot download the entire film, but you'll load the... Let me email it to you.  I'll tip it and protect it. So, uh, You can, like, create this canvas, maybe, and you can add it there. Just copy paste.  In can work. Yeah, so basically, In our chat here, so let's let me like create one camera, okay? Oh, that was, got it.  Call it, call it, call it. No, yeah, so I created a code. Yeah, she...  Um, I'm still waiting. Yeah. At least it, let's see.  Okay. Mm, yeah, I'm still waiting for the code. I don't see black, I think.  Yeah, I don't see it from Yep. This is too big. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna just email it to you.  Yeah, okay. But verify that right now, I don't want us to drop and then another day goes by, so let's just close this now. Residual blur.  Yeah, so maybe like, I can test it out in next couple of hours, so maybe, yeah. I can like share that date if I can able to access and download the data. So, yeah, I'll just keep it short, like not even a day.  Maybe I can try it for an hour. So that it's faster. Yeah.  It should be easy. Like, I'm not doing any rocket science. It's just a webpage with a login.  Right, right. Um, it's just, uh... Okay.  And uh, please check your inbox. Huh? No, not yet.  I did receive your email. It might take some time or. Should I, I could have hand delivered, or should I, like, create a, like, a personal report is theory on GitLab, where you can just...  Oh, I'm not that guy. I am not a developer guy. Then I have to bring my fire power.  I'm, I'm just uh, crypt on uh, my local computer. I've just started a couple of months back. Okay, yeah.  So, yeah, I'm not a good... Check if it's there now. Please.  Yeah, I'm trying to reload, but I don't see your email, so let me see. It went to. No.  It's you. I don't know what he did, though. I think sometimes security.  Yeah, maybe there's too much sick. Yeah. But I sent it to my team a couple of days back, so I don't know why this is not.  This is sent out right and that's you. Yeah, yes, yes, that's, that's me. But I don't get, I didn't get it right till now.  Yeah, I'll come, I'll come. Okay, I'll... I can rename it to something.  Right? So I can rename it to, and it's zipped already. I don't know why it would create a problem.  Why do why am I sending it as, I can send it as a TXT file? Or should I like create a, maybe a drive folder or something in Google Drive? Right.  Let's uh, what's your practice? Sending it as a TXT file. You can just change it to dot PY.  This should come. Piva is always scared, right? Made updates to cope.  Yeah, I don't know. I think it's a bad connection because I finally see what you created. Uh-uh.  Wow. Talk about slowness. Not sure if it's in my side because I'm in office.  No, no, I'm not, yeah, I'm not, you're in the office. I the guy who's outside the office, so it's me. I, yeah.  So, uh, let me also, like, create a drive with the PY file also doesn't, like... Okay, I painted my coat. I don't see a place to enter or hit enter or anything.  Oh, so basically it will get updated automatically, so... Okay, and try this, one lot, Hail Mary from my child. Yes, so I got it, got it.  Now I got it. In the code, I can see, see. Yeah, in the code and I send you the DHT pile also, just in case if it's some form of copy paste.  Okay, yeah, so let me just save it first. Okay, yeah, perfect. I can see it.  Good. Yeah. So, in the slack, I got it, but still, I didn't receive the email yet.  Yeah. Everything will show up man. will show up. Yeah, maybe it might take some time.  Okay. Yeah. But if you can prove that this, uh, this whole modular blind cloth thing, we can develop for an F3, Yeah.  The consumption, I think it'll be a big success for us because TM is one of our primary data source, and we cannot scale without F3 ingestion. That webs were served, it's good for a POC, but it will fail if you want to scale. Okay.  Uh, yeah. Let me try it out and maybe we can connect back later in maybe sometime today or maybe tomorrow. Yeah.  Tomorrow, tomorrow it is. Yeah, okay. Sounds sounds good.  I'll look for you in the office, uh, probably tomorrow or next week. Okay. Yeah.  Tomorrow I might be going to Irwing, but if you're coming, I can like visit here. South Lake. Whenever overlap happens, don't don't worry about.  Yeah, you know where to find me, dad. So yeah, nice meeting you and Same, same here. We'll see you the...  Okay. Thank you so much, Gorra. Thank you.  Yeah, keep up..
